08/2023,
regular meeting of the Andover Connecticut Board of Education.
Thank you for those being here in attendance even in through Zoom. Celeste and Steve,
thanks for being here because,
we need each one of us because we don't have a quorum without us.
So thanks for being here. We we'll stand and do the pledge of allegiance.
I pledge allegiance
to the flag of The United States Of America
and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God,
indivisible,
with liberty and justice for all. Thank you, everyone.
Do
we have any guests
on
Zoom? Do we have anybody? You're gonna wait any?
Nope.
>> Then we will not have any comments from the public.
No public. There's no public to be heard. Right. Okay.
Communication. Does any have anyone have any communications to share?
None? Okay. Approval of the minutes.
Regular meeting of 04/19/2023.
Do I hear a motion to approve those minutes?
>> Move to approve the minutes, April 19. Thank you, Steven.
>> Celeste, do I second it? I'll second. Yep.
K. Great. Any discussion?
K. We'll call to a vote. All in favor of approving those minutes of 04/19/2023,
say aye.
Aye.
Any opposed?
Any abstentions?
Passes, Gretchen, 400.
Thank you.
>> Opportunity
to add or delete agenda items.
Personally, I have one I would like to add to our agenda. It's item seven e
two.
I would like to add an item for the discussion of the calendar of upcoming events and scheduling.
I'll make a motion that we could add that to our agenda.
Will anybody second it? Second. Thank you, Mike. Any discussion?
We have a vote. All in favor, say aye. Aye.
>> Aye. I'm sorry. Can you can you tell me again where you're putting that and what it is?
>> It's gonna be agenda item seven each. It's
discussion of calendar of upcoming events and scheduling.
Okay. You with us? You're all set, Gretchen? Yep.
>> Alright. And I'm gonna motion that we remove
item seven e one as per those policy. We don't I feel like we should wait until the majority of the board is here to continue.
>> Okay. So should we
make this one
vote?
What do you think?
Or should we do it two parts? Two separate people. Two separate people. Okay. Well, we'll do the one,
to add to our agenda item seven e two.
We have a motion on the floor, I believe. You did that already. I did that, and Mike second. Mike seconded it. And now we have a vote. All in favor, say aye. Aye. Aye.
Any opposed?
Any abstentions?
So, Gretchen, that one passes two zero zero.
Now Steven made a motion to Remove. Remove item seven e one.
So is there a second to that one?
I'll second. Mike seconds it. Any discussion?
K. We're gonna have a vote. All in favor of removing item seven e one,
say aye.
Aye.
Any opposed?
Any abstentions?
So that, Gretchen, passes
as well.
You all set? Yep. Perfect. K. Great.
Celebrations,
>> does anyone have any to share? It's Michael's birthday. We will have cupcakes either virtually or in person. Happy birthday, Michael. Thank you so much. Okay.
>> And happy birthday from all of us. Thank you.
Chairperson's oral report.
Thank you to all the board members who attended the town budget meeting on Tuesday, May 2.
Vote was 70 to eight in favor of sending the town budget to the referendum.
Please encourage people to come out and vote next Tuesday, May 16 to support the budget.
Anybody else have anything to add?
So we'll go to the superintendent's report.
>> Okay. Just a couple of quick things.
The solar, Steve, I know that we were looking last month to find an update.
I did speak with Elaine Lind from Titan.
She said that what was taking so long was that there was an abundance of applications for February,
and they are lottery applications
with who they pick. We were not selected.
So they will have a supply again for November. So it is a good thing that we did put it in in February, because had we waited till November to put the application in, we would not have had a second chance.
So I will reach back out to her at the end of the craziness of the year and say, can you tell me based on, you know, our application, is there anything we could do potentially to change it for November,
or will we send it as is in November? So it's unfortunate, but we'll have to wait on that.
The
will I've been working with their committee run by Catherine McGuahde Lewis and a variety of other people, Kathy Palazzi,
Paula Kate. There's a whole bunch of people there.
They they'll be winding down this month. The eighteenth is the dedication
out of the gazebo,
in the evening, and we'll have kids from school that will be, singing and playing music.
And then at the end of their dedication,
we will assist them in,
ceremonially
ceremoniously
burying
the time capsule in the back.
And then on the twentieth,
that committee has a fun filled event planned
up in our upper playground area up here. It's like a little carnival of sorts. There's a lot of inflatables. There's an obstacle course. There's some games.
There's a bounce house.
There's quite a few things that they'll be doing there. There'll be four food trucks there. They are still looking for volunteers. So if anybody's interested, I know Taylor had sent something out, you know, please notify us so we can let them know. It runs eleven to four, but they're looking for volunteers that can work even half the day,
ten to five time period.
So,
you know, if anybody's interested to to please let Kathy or Catherine or us here, we can notify them, you know, if you can work part of that day.
Then our kids, after
assisting with the dedication,
they'll wear the hundred and seventy fifth shirts,
and that'll be the shirts that they wear for the Memorial Day parade. So that's how we'll further support the hundred and seventy fifth anniversary.
The new grants that we've been waiting on, unfortunately, the state was supposed to tell us about two of them
between last meeting and this meeting, and we got the emails that said, sorry, but, you know, we have to put out the
time frame and extend it a bit. My guess is that they haven't received federal funding,
and they're not willing to approve the state grants until they receive the federal money. That's my guess.
And so we're still waiting on that. The grants that we are waiting to see for next year, one is a school security grant,
one is a school mental health specialist grant,
and the third one is the summer program.
We did receive the IDEA,
which is is for us, it's competitive, but it's an entitlement grant as well. So we knew if we, you know, did that grant right, we'd get it for next year, which we did. So three we're waiting on, and
there aren't any other ones right now. I know that Celeste,
SPTA president, knows that we're still on the lookout for a good one for the playground
so that we can do some more upgrades to the playground.
And that's it.
Thank you, Beth.
Principal's report.
>> How about you, Taylor? Yes. So we are in the
final final days, which, you know, if you're in schools, can be the most exciting, but very busy. We started our SBAC assessments this week, and so our kids have already done just a fantastic job. They're super focused,
and
we will continue with our end of the year assessments for I Ready as well as our younger kiddos and some other kind of informal assessments. So that will be,
a great barometer for us. We also have some really exciting end of the year events coming up. So we have our evening of the arts coming on the May 25.
We're excited about that. That will be our spring concert, our art show, and a chance for,
families to get into classrooms and just see some of the work that their kiddos have done. So busy planning for that.
We also
are continuing
to,
just some other, you know, end of year events. So sixth grade step up. We have field day. We have, our day of graduation, all of those kind of things culminating
together. So,
it's also teacher appreciation week. So we appreciated our teachers, and the PTA has been fantastic in supporting that,
providing lunch this week as well as lots of other,
treats and special surprises. So I thank them for that.
See, did I miss anything here? June 10.
June 10. So we have I missed the most important one I've written down. We are excited because we have two finalists for invention convention.
So if you recall, we had the six semifinalists that came to the board meeting. Two of them were selected to go to the state finals, and so that will be on June 10. I will invite them to our meeting that following three or four days later.
So they will get present to their projects and be judged at the state level. So we're very excited for them, a fourth and a fifth grader.
Yeah. They're very excited. And and just for our first year in the program, we're we're pumped with those results. So
K. Thank you, Taylor. Yeah.
Terry, your turn.
>> Okay. Everybody got a copy of the packet. I'm hoping you noted that
I was bringing some budget transfers tonight for your approval, and I think Val sent it to you via text. You guys got them. You guys got them? Celeste?
Steve, did you get it?
I got it. I got it.
>> Yes. Okay. Good.
So
pretty much addressing the the overages,
the 42,000
for the admin technology,
which was
due to the Easton
contract.
The monies that I'm transferring from, you can see at the top. And, Greg, can I I don't know if you have a copy, but I will get you a copy if you need it? Okay. Thank you. Yeah. I got one. She sent me one. Okay.
And
so all of these lines, most of them were we are able to use grant money for, so we're able to move some money over.
The second one is, as you know, our oil is even though it was a a warm winter, we're still getting oil delivered, so we had to take care of that overage.
And then finally,
the
I had an $11.91,
and it was in the control. So I couldn't move money around within the line, so I literally have to go outside of that that
budget
code to to move money in so I can move money around. So if that makes any sense, the system I'm using is just a little wonky like that. So does anybody have any questions about the budget transfers before you vote on the
on whether to approve them or not?
>> No? I don't I don't have any questions. Steve, Celeste?
>> No. I'm gonna move to early budget transfers as presented. Okay. I'll second that.
>> Thank you. I'm sorry. Mike, did you set up the net?
No. I did. Jerry. Jerry. Okay, Jerry. Sorry.
>> Steven made the motion. Thank you so much, Eddie. K.
We can do this in one fell swoop.
Yeah. K. All in favor of
making allowing Terry to make the transfer, say aye. Aye. Aye.
Aye.
>> Any opposed?
Any abstentions?
Hearing none,
motion passes. Four zero zero.
>> Just to let you know, I'm gonna do it as Steve, but I'm also gonna put those three amounts in it so that they're in the minutes
for fear for for further reference if anyone wants to look. So I'll put the three amounts in that also.
Is that good?
That's good. Or I
>> Gretchen, I can, attach the signed copy to the next next month's minutes because I think that's what Steve wanted for next time for from last time.
>> Yes. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And since we're just doing financial report, this would be the only thing I'm gonna I would say about that. If we know prior to the agenda being put out that we're going to be approving budget transfers,
I feel like it should be an agenda item under not just
because it's a vote.
Oh, yes. It's not actually on the agenda. So that should be included on the agenda. And if it's not on the agenda, we probably should add it to agenda items
for that day so it's reflected accurately.
Okay.
Thank you.
Next
>> items for discussion and actions.
We removed item number one, board of education policies, updated policies.
Shannon had sent that to us, and we'll wait until people are here to talk about it.
Item number two is discussion of calendar of upcoming event with scheduling.
Community center site walk with Adrian
and with a board of it and anybody who can send any questions, chance to ask those questions of Adrian
during the sidewalk.
Chris
had
made contact with Adrian,
and Adrian said send him a a number of handful of dates that we can possibly do this.
And
I know that one of the things that
my that Chris sent me was that he could do weekdays only, Monday to Friday.
He's going up to Maine
for
a couple of weekends to to do things up there.
So this I don't know when people are available
to be able to pass this on to Adrian or Chris and put it all together.
But we need to have some kind of a consensus or a collaboration
here,
a date that we can all get together and do this.
Celeste, do you have any
>> What what times?
Like, is it during the day, during the week? We can make it whenever we want.
>> I suppose we just
suppose that we can, you know, come up with different
different ideas and different dates and times and
Yeah.
See what see what Adrian is able to do.
>> Yeah. I mean, you know, it's just I think, you know, I know Caitlin and myself and Steve, you know, we all work during the week, during the day, so it would be difficult.
But if, you know, if they would be willing to meet, you know, with us,
you know, after you know, in the afternoon,
that, you know, that that would be
probably the most convenient.
>> Yeah. Right now, it's still light out, and we have 07:15.
It's probably Right. So
what time would you think is good, Celeste?
>> You know, I I'm I'm available,
you know, really,
you know, 04:30, 05:00 is, you know,
is what is when is would be most convenient for me, but that's for me. I mean, you know, I I can make it work.
Is 05:00 a
good time for you then?
>> Yes. Yeah. 05:00 is a good time. On a weekday?
Yes.
Okay. Steve?
>> I I agree with everything Celeste said, except I'm even more restrictive in that.
I coach Tuesdays and Thursdays.
So you're Monday?
>> Monday, Wednesday. And my wife works Friday night, so I can do it, but I'll have kids in town on a Friday. So Monday, Wednesday evening would be
the best opportunity.
>> Yeah.
Mon yeah. Mondays or Wednesdays
are are good.
And if I if I have Sof with me, you know but, yeah, Mondays and Wednesdays would would be fine. Steven, is 05:00 okay with you too?
>> Steve, is 05:00 good? Yeah. No. That's fine. I'm sorry. I thought
>> said that. Yeah. And, Mike, how about you? Anytime after three. Any
day after three. Yeah. Any
day.
03:00 plus.
Mel, what about you?
>> Anytime.
If you guys are doing it around 05:00, it's it it just irrelevant.
You know,
there's only hold on.
It's not May 25. I was just gonna say the only
obviously, next week, we can't do the eighteenth because that's the dedication
for the hundred seventy fifth, but that's a Thursday anyway. Okay.
I have one Tuesday and one Thursday, but Steve can't do Tuesday and Thursday anyways, so we don't have a conflict. Okay.
Monday, the twenty ninth, is a holiday.
>> Yeah. We won't do that because he's not available. Right. So,
yeah, so it's
>> yeah. So we'll look at Monday and Wednesdays first.
We'll do 05:00
and see if that works for Adrian.
I don't know what to do about the three people who are not here.
We'll have to message them. We'll have to I'll text them and see what they're
I'll check with Caitlin, and I'll check with
Shannon.
And I already heard from
Chris. So
we'll put that out there and see
see what works for people.
And when I find out we have a date and a time,
I will send you an email, and I will tell you
when and where
and what we're doing.
Thanks, Jerry. You're welcome.
>> Thank you for being as flexible as possible.
Anytime. The
next thing, and this is the last thing we really need to all get together on
and schedule is the board of education retreat
for the purposes of evaluation of the board for the 2022,
2023 goals,
to write the ball board's goals for 2023,
2024,
and Valerie's evaluation.
So
we have to come to an agreement
on when that board of education retreat is. Do you have any
>> It can be anytime before the start of the school year. So it can it doesn't have to be right now.
So it can be anytime between now and mid August.
>> I think right now, discussing it any further without three of the board members here doesn't make a lot of sense. I agree.
>> Right. Mean, it's For the next for the next meeting, can you guys come up with some dates, you think?
Possible dates?
Yeah.
I'll put it on the agenda.
>> That's June 14? That that's the next meeting? Yes. That's
the last day of school. Right? June 14? Yes. Okay. Alright.
Yeah. I think we should put it on the agenda, and, hopefully, we'll have Shannon and Caitlin and Chris here. But I agree with Steve. I don't think it really makes any sense to kinda talk about it now when
Right. I just You know? Aware that it's you know, something's coming up. Absolute yeah. We gotta keep it on our radar. I agree.
>> You in with that, Mike? Yeah. For sure. Great.
Okay. And that's all I have
for the calendar of upcoming events and scheduling.
We're gonna have to find the time we can all get together. Miaison reports, are there any?
Hearing none.
Going to comments from the public, but I don't think we have public. Oh, Anne. Anne. He forgets her. Back. Please. I'm
focused.
What?
Funny.
>> Funny. That's funny. Okay.
Are there any other
action items?
So the next board meeting is 06/14/2023.
And one of the items we'll do is we'll try to come to a
agreement on when we can have our
our retreat
and
see if we can schedule that. And, hopefully, by then, we'll put together the
times for the site walk with Adrian.
Anybody else have any items they want to put on the next meeting?
>> Transfers if we have them. Yes.
Transfers if we have them. And then the policy Just in case. Yeah. And the policies.
>> Yeah.
And that's it. We can adjourn if I hear a motion.
I'll make a motion to adjourn. Not sure, Silas. Is there a second? Second.
I see it. Okay.
All in favor, say aye. Aye.
Any opposed?
Any abstentions?
Hearing none, Gretchen passes four
zero zero.
Gotta be the shortest meeting yet.
Yay. We're
we're we're going for a record. Yeah.
Good
night, everyone. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Thank you.